Update links to wiki following migrations (#439)
samvera/samvera.github.io: pages/samvera/developer_community/contributing_code/review.md

As a reviewer, it's also your responsibility to make sure:

> * Does the submitter have a signed CLA [on file](https://samvera.atlassian.net/wiki/spaces/samvera/pages/405211653/CLA+collection+process)?

Reviewer: The CLA signing and checking process has just recently changed (or is still in the process of changing) to use `cla-bot`.
```suggestion
* Does the submitter have a signed CLA? (Indicated by a `cla-signed` label in github.)
```
